= find_by_shortcut

A module for faster Active Record queries in the ruby console.

Allows for quick 'find_by_' calls on classes that inherit from ActiveRecord::Base.

Instead of typing "find_by_attribute()" after a Class name, you can type "fb" followed by 
the first character(s) of the attribute you want to search by. If multiple attributes
begin with those the characters following fb, the first will be selected. Do not add any
spaces or underscores after "fb".


EXAMPLE:

If User inherits from ActiveRecord::Base, and has the following attributes: "id", "username",
and "email", you can use find_by_shortcut as follows:

User.f 1
- equivalent of User.find(1)


User.fbu "OkinawaSteel"
- equivalent of User.find_by_username("OkinawaSteel")


User.fbe "email@isp.com"

User.fbem "email@isp.com"

User.fbemail "email@isp.com"

- All equivalents of User.find_by_email("email@isp.com")

== Contributing to find_by_shortcut
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Mike Nomitch. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

